Cyber Kill Chain
https://tryhackme.com/room/cyberkillchain

How many phases comprise the Cyber Kill Chain?
7

What is the term for using search engines to reveal sensitive information and confidential files?
Google Dorking

What type of reconnaissance is it where the attacker checks the social media pages?
passive reconnaissance

What technique is mentioned to evade detection by making it challenging to analyse the malicious code?
Obfuscation

What built-in feature makes creating a malicious MS Office document possible?
Macro

What method involves showing advertisements on legitimate websites to redirect users to malicious pages?
Malvertising

What phishing attack sends text messages with malicious links or instructions to download malware?
Smishing

What type of exploit is used before the vendor becomes aware of a vulnerability?
Zero-day exploit

What technology is mentioned to prevent an attacker from gaining access even with valid login credentials?
MFA

What tactic allows attackers to execute operating system commands on a target via a web browser interface?
web shell

What technique is mentioned to prevent the execution of unauthorised or malicious software by only allowing approved applications to run?
allowlisting

What is the name of the tactic where data is hidden within DNS queries?
DNS tunnelling

What protocol would the attacker use to smuggle his data as encrypted web traffic?
HTTPS

What is the term for stealing sensitive files from a target network?
Data Exfiltration

What principle limits who can access sensitive systems and data to minimise damage caused by an attacker?
principle of least privilege

What type of attack involves encrypting files and demanding payment in exchange for the decryption key?
Ransomware

What is the flag after you complete the static site?
THM{CKC_NJHERDX327}

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
