Eradication & Remediation
https://tryhackme.com/room/eradicationandremediation

What is it that may cause an attacker to think that you already have a complex and detailed eradication plan in motion?
Premature eradication

What is an informal term used to describe the cycle wherein you keep discovering and identifying bad, eradicating it, finding it elsewhere, and doing it all over again?
whack-a-mole

Of the two main goals of this phase, what is the first one?
Eradicate the bad guys

What technique is most effective on less sophisticated threats that employ well-known malicious tooling?
Automated Eradication

What technique is the most straightforward way to eradicate attacker traces?
Complete System Rebuild

What downside does the complete system rebuild technique have? This approach entails what for the system?
Downtime

Success of a targeted system cleanup is heavily reliant on how well the what has been done?
Scoping

What should take place in conjunction with Eradication techniques in order for its effects to last? An effective what?
Remediation and Recovery strategy

What remediation step ensures only absolutely necessary communication takes place between computers and subnets?
Network Segmentation

What do you call the principle that posits that a user account should have access to only the absolutely necessary pieces of data, applications, or resources?
Principle of least privilege

Changes done during the remediation phase are geared towards strengthening the what of the organization?
Security Posture

What kind of tests should be employed to check if the remediation tactics actually work?
Penetration tests and attack simulations

Which account gave the threat actors a foothold on the server?
swiftspend_admin

What is the default password for the admin account of the Jenkins service?
f4fe137aeb154299ab1b7349952f6088

What is the email address of the other account within the Jenkins service?
infra_admin@swiftspend.finance

What is the command being invoked by the project found in the Jenkins dashboard?
/bin/bash /var/lib/jenkins/backup.sh

How many times has the project been run before?
0

You will find a suspicious IP address. Which country is it hosted in?
Russian Federation

Based on the MITRE ATT&CK Matrix, which Tactic is being applied by the threat actor here?
Exfiltration

Based on the Lockheed Martin version of the cyber kill chain, in what phase is the threat actor already in on this server?
Actions on Objectives

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
