KAPE
https://tryhackme.com/room/kape

From amongst kape.exe and gkape.exe, which binary is used to run GUI version of KAPE?
gkape.exe

What is the file extension for KAPE Targets?
.tkape

What type of Target will we use if we want to collect multiple artifacts with a single command?
Compound Targets

What is the file extension of the Modules files?
.mkape

What is the name of the directory where binary files are stored, which may not be present on a typical system, but are required for a particular KAPE Module?
bin

In the second to last screenshot above, what target have we selected for collection?
KapeTriage

In the second to last screenshot above, what module have we selected for processing?
!EZParser

What option has to be checked to append date and time information to triage folder name?
%d

What option needs to be checked to add machine information to the triage folder name?
%m

Run the command kape.exe in an elevated shell. Take a look at the different switches and variables. What variable adds the collection timestamp to the target destination?
%d

What variable adds the machine information to the target destination?
%m

Which switch can be used to show debug information during processing?
debug

Which switch is used to list all targets available?
tlist

Which flag, when used with batch mode, will delete the _kape.cli, targets and modules files after the execution is complete?
cu

Two USB Mass Storage devices were attached to this Virtual Machine. One had a Serial Number  0123456789ABCDE. What is the Serial Number of the other USB Device?
1C6F654E59A3B0C179D366AE

7zip, Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox were installed from a Network drive location on the Virtual Machine. What was the drive letter and path of the directory from where these software were installed?
Z:\Setups

What is the execution date and time of CHROMESETUP.EXE in MM/DD/YYYY HH:MM?
1/25/2021 03:33

What search query was run on the system?
RunWallpaperSetup.cmd

When was the network named Network 3 First connected to?
11/30/2021 15:44

KAPE was copied from a removable drive. Can you find out what was the drive letter of the drive where KAPE was copied from?
E:

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
