Logstash: Data Processing Unit
https://tryhackme.com/room/logstash

What is the default port Elasticsearch runs on?
9200

What version of Elasticsearch we have installed in this task?
8.8.1

What is the command used to check the status of Elasticsearch service?
systemctl status elasticsearch.service

What is the default value of the network.host variable found in the elasticsearch.yml file?
192.168.0.1

What is the configuration reload interval set by default in logstash.yml?
3s

What is the Logstash version we just installed?
8.8.1

What is the default port Kibana runs on?
5601

How many files are found in /etc/kibana/ directory?
3

Which plugin is used to perform mutation of event fields?
Mutate

Which plugin can be used to drop events based on certain conditions?
drop

Which plugin parses unstructured log data using custom patterns?
grok

Is index a mandatory option in Elasticsearch plugin? (yay / nay)
nay

Look at the file input plugin documentation; which field is required in the configuration?
path

Look at the filter documentation for CSV; what is the third field option mentioned?
columns

Which output plugin is used in the above example?
elasticsearch

If we want to read a constant stream from a TCP port 5678, which input plugin will be used?
tcp

According to the Logstash documentation, the codec plugins are used to change the data representation. Which codec plugin is used for the CSV based data representation?
csv

Which filter plugin is used to remove empty fields from the events?
prune

Which filter plugin is used to rename, replace, and modify event fields?
mutate

Add a filter plugin to rename the field " src_ip " to " source_ip ".
rename => { "src_ip" => "source_ip" }

Can we use multiple output plugins at the same time in order to send data to multiple destinations? (yay / nay)
yay

Which Logstash output plugin is used to print events to the console?
stdout

Update the following configuration to send the event to the Syslog server.
syslog,host,port

Which command is used to run the logstash.conf configuration from the command line?
logstash -f logstash.conf

What will be the input, filter, and output plugins in the below-mentioned configuration if we want to get the comma-separated values from the command line, and apply the filter and output back to the terminal to test the result?
stdin,csv,stdout

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
