OSI Model
https://tryhackme.com/room/osimodelzi

What does the "OSI" in "OSI Model" stand for?
Open Systems Interconnection

How many layers (in digits) does the OSI model have?
7

What is the key term for when pieces of information get added to data?
encapsulation

What is the name of this Layer?
Physical

What is the name of the numbering system that is both 0's and 1's?
Binary

What is the name of the cables that are used to connect devices?
Ethernet Cables

What is the name of this Layer?
Data Link

What is the name of the piece of hardware that all networked devices come with?
Network Interface Card

What is the name of this Layer?
Network

Will packets take the most optimal route across a network? (Y/N)
Y

What does the acronym "OSPF" stand for?
Open Shortest Path First

What does the acronym "RIP" stand for?
Routing Information Protocol

What type of addresses are dealt with at this layer?
IP Addresses

What is the name of this Layer?
Transport

What does TCP stand for?
Transmission Control Protocol

What does UDP stand for?
User Datagram Protocol

What protocol guarantees the accuracy of data?
TCP

What protocol doesn't care if data is received or not by the other device?
UDP

What protocol would an application such as an email client use?
TCP

What protocol would an application that downloads files use?
TCP

What protocol would an application that streams video use?
UDP

What is the name of this layer?
Session

What is the technical term for when a connection is succesfully established?
Session

What is the name of this Layer?
Presentation

What is the main purpose that this Layer acts as?
Translator

What is the name of this Layer?
Application

What is the technical term that is given to the name of the software that users interact with?
Graphical User Interface

Escape the dungeon to retrieve the flag. What is the flag?
THM{OSI_DUNGEON_ESCAPED}

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
