Snort
https://tryhackme.com/room/snort

Navigate to the Task-Exercises folder and run the command "./.easy.sh" and write the output
Too Easy!

Which IDS or IPS type can help you stop the threats on a local machine?
HIPS

Which IDS or IPS type can help you detect threats on a local network?
NIDS

Which IDS or IPS type can help you detect the threats on a local machine?
HIDS

Which IDS or IPS type can help you stop the threats on a local network?
NIPS

Which described solution works by detecting anomalies in the network?
NBA

According to the official description of the snort, what kind of NIPS is it?
full-blown

NBA training period is also known as ...
baselining

Run the Snort instance and check the build number.
149

Test the current instance with "/etc/snort/snort.conf" file and check how many rules are loaded with the current build.
4151

Test the current instance with "/etc/snort/snortv2.conf" file and check how many rules are loaded with the current build.
1

Now, you should have the logs in the current directory. Navigate to folder "145.254.160.237". What is the source port used to connect port 53?
3009

Read the snort.log file with Snort; what is the IP ID of the 10th packet?
49313

Read the "snort.log.1640048004" file with Snort; what is the referer of the 4th packet?
http://www.ethereal.com/development.html

Read the "snort.log.1640048004" file with Snort; what is the Ack number of the 8th packet?
0x38AFFFF3

Read the "snort.log.1640048004" file with Snort; what is the number of the "TCP port 80" packets?
41

What is the number of the detected HTTP GET methods?
2

Investigate the mx-1.pcap file with the default configuration file.

What is the number of the generated alerts?
170

Keep reading the output. How many TCP Segments are Queued?
18

Keep reading the output.How many "HTTP response headers" were extracted?
3

Investigate the mx-1.pcap file with the second configuration file.

What is the number of the generated alerts?
68

Investigate the mx-2.pcap file with the default configuration file.

What is the number of the generated alerts?
340

Keep reading the output. What is the number of the detected TCP packets?
82

Investigate the mx-2.pcap and mx-3.pcap files with the default configuration file.

What is the number of the generated alerts?
1020

Use "task9.pcap". Write a rule to filter IP ID "35369" and run it against the given pcap file. What is the request name of the detected packet? You may use this command: "snort -c local.rules -A full -l . -r task9.pcap"
TIMESTAMP REQUEST

Clear the previous alert file and comment out the old rules. Create a rule to filter packets with Syn flag and run it against the given pcap file. What is the number of detected packets?
1

Clear the previous alert file and comment out the old rules. Write a rule to filter packets with Push-Ack flags and run it against the given pcap file. What is the number of detected packets?
216

Clear the previous alert file and comment out the old rules. Create a rule to filter UDP packets with the same source and destination IP and run it against the given pcap file. What is the number of packets that show the same source and destination address?
7

Case Example - An analyst modified an existing rule successfully. Which rule option must the analyst change after the implementation?
rev

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
