Unified Kill Chain
https://tryhackme.com/room/unifiedkillchain

For this answer, you must fill in the blank!: The ********
military

What is the technical term for a piece of software or hardware in IT (Information Technology?)
asset

In what year was the Unified Kill Chain framework released?
2017

According to the Unified Kill Chain, how many phases are there to an attack?
18

What is the name of the attack phase where an attacker employs techniques to evade detection?
Defense Evasion

What is the name of the attack phase where an attacker employs techniques to remove data from a network?
Exfiltration

What is the name of the attack phase where an attacker achieves their objectives?
Objectives

What is an example of a tactic to gain a foothold using emails?
Phishing

Impersonating an employee to request a password reset is a form of what?
Social Engineering

An adversary setting up the Command & Control server infrastructure is what phase of the Unified Kill Chain?
Weaponization

Exploiting a vulnerability present on a system is what phase of the Unified Kill Chain?
Exploitation

Moving from one system to another is an example of?
Pivoting

Leaving behind a malicious service that allows the adversary to log back into the target is what?
Persistence

As a SOC analyst, you pick up numerous alerts pointing to failed login attempts from an administrator account. What stage of the kill chain would an attacker be seeking to achieve?
Privilege Escalation

Mimikatz, a known post-exploitation tool, was recently detected running on the IT Manager’s computer. Security logs show that Mimikatz attempted to access memory spaces typically used by Windows to store user authentication secrets. Considering the usual capabilities and purpose of Mimikatz, what is the primary objective of this tool in such an attack scenario?
Credential dumping

While monitoring the network as a SOC analyst, you realise that there is a spike in the network activity, and all the traffic is outbound to an unknown IP address. What stage could describe this activity?
Exfiltration

Personally identifiable information (PII) has been released to the public by an adversary, and your organisation is facing scrutiny for the breach. What part of the CIA triad would be affected by this action?
Confidentiality

Match the scenario prompt to the correct phase of the Unified Kill Chain to reveal the flag at the end. What is the flag?
THM{UKC_SCENARIO}

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
