x86 Assembly Crash Course
https://tryhackme.com/room/x86assemblycrashcourse

What are the hex codes that denote the assembly operations called?
Opcodes

Which type of operand is denoted by square brackets?
memory operand

In mov eax, ebx, which register is the destination operand?
eax

What instruction performs no action?
nop

Which flag will be set if the result of the operation is zero?
ZF

Which flag will be set if the result of the operation is negative?
SF

In a subtraction operation, which flag is set if the destination is smaller than the subtracted value?
Carry Flag

Which instruction is used to increase the value of a register?
inc

Do the following instructions have the same result? (yea/nay) 
xor eax, eax
mov eax, 0
yea

Which flag is set as a result of the test instruction being zero?
Zero flag

Which of the below operations uses subtraction to test two values? 1 or 2?
1. cmp eax, ebx <---
2. test eax, ebx

Which flag is used to identify whether a jump will be taken or not after a jz or jnz instruction?
Zero Flag

Which instruction is used for performing a function call?
call

Which instruction is used to push all registers to the stack?
pusha

While running the MOV instructions, what is the value of [eax] after running the 4th instruction?
0x00000040

What error is displayed after running the 6th instruction from the MOV instruction section?
Memory to memory data movement is not allowed.

Run the instructions from the stack section. What is the value of eax after the 9th instruction?
0x00000025

Run the instructions from the stack section. What is the value of edx after the 12th instruction?
0x00000010

Run the instructions from the stack section. After POP ecx, what is the value left at the top of the stack?
0x00000010

Run the cmp and test instructions. Which flags are triggered after the 3rd instruction? 
PF,ZF

Run the test and the cmp instructions. Which flags are triggered after the 11th instruction?
CF,SF

Run the instructions from the lea section. What is the value of eax after running the 9th instruction?
0x0000004B

Run the instructions from the lea section. What is the final value found in the ECX register?
0x00000045

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
