Yara
https://tryhackme.com/room/yara

What is the name of the base-16 numbering system that Yara can detect?
hexadecimal

Would the text "Enter your Name" be a string in an application? (Yay/Nay)
Yay

Scan file 1. Does Loki detect this file as suspicious/malicious or benign?
Suspicious

What Yara rule did it match on?
webshell_metaslsoft

What does Loki classify this file as?
Web Shell

Based on the output, what string within the Yara rule did it match on?
Str1

What is the name and version of this hack tool?
b374k 2.2

Inspect the actual Yara file that flagged file 1. Within this rule, how many strings are there to flag this file?
1

Scan file 2. Does Loki detect this file as suspicious/malicious or benign?
Benign

Inspect file 2. What is the name and version of this web shell?
b374k 3.2.3

From within the root of the suspicious files directory, what command would you run to test Yara and your Yara rule against file 2?
yara file2.yar file2/1ndex.php

Did Yara rule flag file 2? (Yay/Nay)
Yay

Test the Yara rule with Loki, does it flag file 2? (Yay/Nay)
Yay

What is the name of the variable for the string that it matched on?
Zepto

Inspect the Yara rule, how many strings were generated?
20

One of the conditions to match on the Yara rule specifies file size. The file has to be less than what amount?
700KB

Enter the SHA256 hash of file 1 into Valhalla. Is this file attributed to an APT group? (Yay/Nay)
Yay

Do the same for file 2. What is the name of the first Yara rule to detect file 2?
Webshell_b374k_rule1

Examine the information for file 2 from Virus Total (VT). The Yara Signature Match is from what scanner?
THOR APT Scanner

Enter the SHA256 hash of file 2 into Virus Total. Did every AV detect this as malicious? (Yay/Nay)
Nay

Besides .PHP, what other extension is recorded for this file?
EXE

What JavaScript library is used by file 2?
Zepto

Is this Yara rule in the default Yara file Loki uses to detect these type of hack tools? (Yay/Nay)
Nay

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
