Zeek
https://tryhackme.com/room/zeekbro

What is the installed Zeek instance version number?
4.2.1

What is the version of the ZeekControl module?
2.4.0

Investigate the "sample.pcap" file. What is the number of generated alert files?
8

Investigate the sample.pcap file. Investigate the dhcp.log file. What is the available hostname?
Microknoppix

Investigate the dns.log file. What is the number of unique DNS queries?
2

Investigate the conn.log file. What is the longest connection duration?
332.319364

Investigate the http.pcap file. Create the  HTTP signature shown in the task and investigate the pcap. What is the source IP of the first event?
10.10.57.178

What is the source port of the second event?
38712

What is the total number of the sent and received packets from source port 38706?
20

Investigate the notice.log. What is the number of unique events?
1413

What is the number of ftp-brute signature matches?
1410

Investigate the smallFlows.pcap file. Investigate the dhcp.log file. What is the domain value of the "vinlap01" host?
astaro_vineyard

Investigate the bigFlows.pcap file. Investigate the dhcp.log file. What is the number of identified unique hostnames?
17

Investigate the dhcp.log file. What is the identified domain value?
jaalam.net

Investigate the sample.pcap file with 103.zeek script. Investigate the terminal output. What is the number of the detected new connections?
87

Investigate the ftp.pcap file with ftp-admin.sig signature and  201.zeek script. Investigate the signatures.log file. What is the number of signature hits?
1401

Investigate the signatures.log file. What is the total number of "administrator" username detections?
731

Investigate the ftp.pcap file with all local scripts, and investigate the loaded_scripts.log file. What is the total number of loaded scripts?
498

Investigate the ftp-brute.pcap file with "/opt/zeek/share/zeek/policy/protocols/ftp/detect-bruteforcing.zeek" script. Investigate the notice.log file. What is the total number of brute-force detections?
2

Investigate the case1.pcap file with intelligence-demo.zeek script. Investigate the intel.log file. Look at the second finding, where was the intel info found? 
IN_HOST_HEADER

Investigate the http.log file. What is the name of the downloaded .exe file?
knr.exe

Investigate the case1.pcap file with hash-demo.zeek script. Investigate the files.log file. What is the MD5 hash of the downloaded .exe file?
cc28e40b46237ab6d5282199ef78c464

Investigate the case1.pcap file with file-extract-demo.zeek script. Investigate the "extract_files" folder. Review the contents of the text file. What is written in the file?
Microsoft NCSI

Investigate the http.pcap file with the zeek-sniffpass module. Investigate the notice.log file. Which username has more module hits?
BroZeek

Investigate the case2.pcap file with geoip-conn module. Investigate the conn.log file. What is the name of the identified City?
Chicago

Which IP address is associated with the identified City?
23.77.86.54

Investigate the case2.pcap file with sumstats-counttable.zeek script. How many types of status codes are there in the given traffic capture?
4

---
If you found this useful, sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive malware analysis reports, cybersecurity threat updates, and tutorials at https://newsletter.uber-techie.co.uk.
